“
Good grief... (やれやれだぜ, Yare Yare Daze)
”
—Jotaro Kujo
Jotaro Kujo (空条 承太郎 , Kūjō Jōtarō) is the protagonist of Part 3 and also appears in Parts 4-6. Jotaro is the third and most recurring JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series.
Jotaro is a delinquent who lives an ordinary life until the Joestar Family's old enemy, DIO, returns. Jotaro travels to Egypt in order to save his mother and stop the Vampire once and for all.
Wielding the incredibly powerful Star Platinum, Jotaro is the first JoJo introduced with a Stand and is among the most well-known characters of the series.
Quick Answers
What is the significance of Jotaro Kujo's pose?
						The significance of Jotaro Kujo's pose lies in its iconic status. It is often mirrored by his Stand, Star Platinum, creating a compelling visual. This pose is a cultural touchstone in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, symbolizing power and preparedness.
					
						Provided by: Fandom
					
How does the relationship between Jotaro Kujo and Star Platinum evolve throughout the series?
						Jotaro Kujo's relationship with his Stand, Star Platinum, is characterized by mutual trust and respect. Star Platinum, renowned for its superhuman abilities, is often perceived as invincible, particularly during confrontations with adversaries like Akira Otoishi and Yoshihiro Kira. As Jotaro's power and experience grow throughout the series, this dynamic exerts pressure on others, notably Josuke Higashikata.
					
						Provided by: Fandom
					
What are the unique features of Jotaro's face?
						Jotaro Kujo, a tall and well-built individual, possesses dark hair that seamlessly merges with his hat. His face is characterized by a strong jawline, prominent eyebrows, and green eyes. A distinctive trait of Jotaro's face is his large, twisting bang that hangs to the side, changing sides based on his orientation. He also exhibits a familial resemblance to his ancestors, Jonathan Joestar and Joseph Joestar.
					
						Provided by: Fandom
					
What are the powers of Jotaro's Stand, Star Platinum?
						Jotaro Kujo's Stand, Star Platinum, is a close-range Stand with a 2-meter radius from Jotaro. It has immense strength, speed, and precision, capable of bending steel and destroying large artificial diamonds swiftly. Its power is amplified by Jotaro's strategic combat skills. Despite its limited range, it's among the most potent Stands. Star Platinum can also stop time, a formidable ability discovered by Jotaro.
					
						Provided by: Fandom
					
{"@context":"https:\/\/schema.org","@type":"FAQPage","name":"Jotaro Kujo","mainEntity":}